CONN-38 Notes for 3.27.0 on PYTHON-1350 (#1166)
datastax/python-driver: docs/column_encryption.rst

Client-side encryption and decryption should work against all versions of Cassandra and DSE.  It does not
utilize any server-side functionality to do its work.

> Warning: Consider Upgrading to 3.28.0 or Greater
> ------------------------------------------------
> There is a significant issue with the column encryption functionality in 3.27.0.  Unless you preserve the cipher
> initialization vector (IV) used by the :class:`~.AES256ColumnEncryptionPolicy` when your data was written and supply
> this IV when creating a policy to read this data you will **NOT BE ABLE TO DECRYPT YOUR DATA**.  See 
> `PYTHON-1350 <https://datastax-oss.atlassian.net/browse/PYTHON-1350>`_ for more detail.  Version 3.28.0 and
> greater avoid this issue by managing the IV automatically.  Note, however, that because of this change any 
> encrypted data written by version 3.27.0 of the driver will **NOT** be readable by version 3.28.0 or higher,
> so if you do upgrade you should re-encrypt your data with the new driver version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Consider upgrading to 3.28.0 or later
------------------------------------------------
There is a significant issue with the column encryption functionality in Python driver 3.27.0.
To be able to decrypt your data, you must preserve the cipher initialization vector (IV) used by 
the :class:`~.AES256ColumnEncryptionPolicy` when your data was written.
To decrypt your data, you must supply this IV when creating a policy to read this data.
If you do not supply this IV in the policy to read this data, you will **NOT BE ABLE TO DECRYPT YOUR DATA**. 
See 
`PYTHON-1350 <https://datastax-oss.atlassian.net/browse/PYTHON-1350>`_ for more detail. 

DataStax recommends upgrading to 3.28.0 or later to avoid this issue. 3.28.0 or later manages the IV automatically.  
Because of this change in functionality, any encrypted data written in 3.27.0 will **NOT** be readable by 3.28.0 or later. 
After upgrading to 3.28.0 or later, it is critical that you re-encrypt your data with the new driver version.
```
